OBJECTIVE: 

To make a program which sends you a mail when prices of flights to any of the places mentioned by the user in a spreadsheet fall below the minimum price
set by user in the sheet. Flight deals are checked from the next day uptill the next 6 months.

EXTERNAL RESOURCES: 

1. Flight deal spreadsheet (Columns: city, IATA code, price)
2. Sheety API
3. Tequila Location API (for AITA code)
4. Tequila Search API (for flight deals)
5. (Twilio - For msgs)


PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS:

1. Use the Flight Search and Sheety API to populate your Google Sheet with International Air Transport Association (IATA) codes for each city. 
(Most of the cities in the sheet include multiple airports, you want the city code).

2. Use the Flight Search API to check for the cheapest flights from tomorrow to 6 months later for all the cities in the Google Sheet.

3. If the price is lower than the lowest price listed in the Google Sheet then send a mail using SMTP/ an SMS to your own number with the Twilio API.

4. The message should include the departure airport IATA code, destination airport IATA code, departure city, destination city, flight price and dates. e.g.

TODOS:

1. Reading and writing data into google sheet using sheety.
    1. Make a copy of the flight deal sheet. (To get cheapest fair info 'https://www.faredetective.com/farehistory/')
    2. Get data using Sheety in the data_manager sheet.
    3. Access data for the 'prices' sheet in the main.py file.
    4. Put "testing" in all the places where IATA code is empty in the dictionary.
    5. Update spread sheet with new IATA code values.

2. Getting IATA codes using Kiwi Partners API.
    1. Delete the "TESTING" values in the Google sheet again. Our code thus far only writes to the Google sheet if the cells are empty.
    2. Using KIWI API update IATA codes in flightsearch.py.
    3. Using updated dictionary, update google sheet.

3. Search for the flights
    1. Set departure city, departure city code etc as attributes of the flight search class
    2. Set search dates from tommorow till 6 months from now. (Assume month = 30 days)
    3. Using KIWI SEARCH API. Search for the flight prices from London (LON) to all the destinations in the Google Sheet. 
    (Conditions: We are only looking for direct flights. 
    We're also looking for round trips that return between 7 and 28 days in length. 
    The currency of the price we get back should be in GBP.)
    4. Some flights might not be functional. Hence the API will return and empty list. Handle this exception.

4. If flight is cheap, send mail with details.
    1. Check if the price of the flight is cheaper than the minimum threshold, if yes update all attributes of flightsearch to values corresponding to the trip.
    (Arrival and departure Airport code, price and trip start and end date)
    2. If condition satisfied, send mail with details.

5. Create customer signup.
    1. Make users register through on repl.it (Users can access program through link)
    2. Add users sheet to the spreadsheet.
    3. Input details through repl.it
    4. POST details to the users sheet using Sheety.

6. Send mails to members if deal found
    1. Update notification to get email ids of members form spreadsheet.
    2. Add the link to the flight tickets in the body 


ADDITIONS:
1. Departure city can be changed to local city.
2. Currency can be chnaged to local currency.
3. Extended - trip planner - Suggest hotels in the locations- Itenary planner

